1.	Describe the steps to show/not show hidden files and folders in File Explorer.
The answer should list all steps along with the relevant screen prints, like this:

	Control panel / File Explorer options
	View
	Under Hidden files and folders, check the appropriate radio button.
	Click OK.


(I used Gadwin PrintScreen here)	
(I used Alt-PrintScreen here)

Reference: https://www.lifewire.com/how-to-show-hide-hidden-files-and-folders-in-windows-2626085 

(By the way, the answer at the url below is incorrect as it applies to the current folder only. So be careful how you search. Evaluate a reference before you take it as the answer. https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/view-hidden-files-and-folders-in-windows-97fbc472-c603-9d90-91d0-1166d1d9f4b5)

2.	Describe the steps to always show the file extensions in File Explorer.
	Control panel / File Explorer options
	View
	Uncheck "Hide extensions for known file types"

 
3.	Describe the steps to follow to get to the following screen. 



	Defragment and Optimise drives
	Scheduled optimisation
	Change settings
	Choose

4.	Describe the steps to delete all temporary Internet files on your computer.
	Disk cleanup
	Select drive
	Check temporary Internet files
	OK

5.	Your computer gets the current time from an internet time server. Describe the steps to change the server.
	Control Panel / Date and Time
	Internet time
	Change settings
	Select server

6.	How do you force Windows to notify you when applications or yourself try to install software or make changes to your computer.
Control panel / Security and Maintenance
Change User Account Control Settings
Move slider to the top notch

7.	How can you see the date and time when Windows was not properly shutdown?
	Control Panel / Security and Maintenance
	View archived messages
	Inspect the entries under Critical events
	Click on "View technical details"

8.	How do you change the decimal symbol as it is used by, for example, Microsoft Excel?  
	Control panel / Region
	Additional settings
	Numbers
	Decimal symbols

9.	How do you change the currency symbol as it is used by, for example, Microsoft Excel?  
	Control panel / Region
	Additional settings
	Currency
	Currency symbol

10.	How do you add a new normal user to the computer? The person does not have a Microsoft account and you do not want to create one either.
Windows 10	Windows 11
Settings
Accounts
Family and other users
Add someone else to this PC
I don't have this person's sign-in information
Add a user without a Microsoft account
Enter user name and password (2x)
In case you forget fields
Next
		Right-click on Start
	Settings
	Accounts
Under Other users: Add account
	I don't have this person's sign-in information
	Add a user without a Microsoft account
	Enter user name and password (2x)
In case your forget fields
Next

Alternative
Control panel /User Accounts
	Manage another account
	Add a new user in PC Settings
Follow the steps from there


11.	How do you give read access to a folder for a specific user?
Option 1
File Explorer
Right-click on a folder
Properties
Security
Edit
Add
Enter username
OK
Click on username
Under Allow, check only Read
OK, OK

Option 2
File Explorer
Right-click on a folder
Show more options
Give access to
Specific people
Select user from dropdown
Add
Click on user name
Set permission level
Share, Done

12.	How do you disable automatic updates permanently without editing the registry or installing an update blocker?
	Option 1 (Group policy)
	gpedit
	Computer Configuration / Administrative templates 
		/ Windows Components / Windows update / Manage end user experience
	Double-click on "Configure Automatic Updates"
	Check Disabled

	Option 2 (Services)
	Services
	Windows update (double-click)
	Startup type: Disabled
	
13.	How do you change the period of inactivity after which the computer is put to sleep?
	Control Panel / Power Options / Change when the computer sleeps
	Put the computer to sleep: Select option

14.	How do you restore a computer to an earlier state after a failed software installation? You may opt to abort the recovery right at the end of the process by clicking Cancel instead of Finish.
	Control panel / Recovery
	Open System Restore / Next
	Select a restore point / Next / Finish
	
15.	How do you determine the Windows version on your computer?
	Control panel / System
	
16.	How do you obtain a list of installed apps that start automatically when a user signs in?
	Settings / Apps / Startup

17.	How do you open the task manager?
	Three options:
	1.	Ctrl-Shift-Esc
	2. Alt-Ctrl-Delete / Task Manager
	3.	Control Panel / Windows Tools / Task manager

18.	How do you get a detailed overview of memory usage at a specific moment in time? This includes details about installed RAM, total physical memory, available physical memory, total virtual memory and available virtual memory.
	Control Panel / Windows tools / System Information

19.	How do you get a graphical overview of memory usage as in the following screen print?

resmon
Memory

20.	How do you obtain a list of system errors and the details of a specific error?
	Control Panel / Windows Tools / Event viewer
	Windows Logs / System
	Click on error and inspect the details

21.	How do you schedule a program, for example Notepad, to start every day at 09:00?
	Control Panel / Windows Tools / Task Scheduler
	Create Basic Task
		Name
		Description
	Trigger
		Daily, Next
		Edit start time
	Action
		Start a program
		Browse to program exe
		Next
	Finish

22.	When you want to print a document from Word, you see this:



	You are sure that the printer is installed correctly and suspect that the Print Spooler is not running.  How do you check this and correct the error if this is the case?
	Services
	Print Spooler
	Check the status
	Double click
	Start the service and ensure startup type is Automatic

23.	Windows Defender is built-in anti-virus software. If you install a third-party application, e.g. Avast, you suspect that there might be conflicts. How do you switch Windows Defender off?
	(B.t.w. you don’t have to do it - Avast will disable Defender automatically.)
	Controls Panel / Windows Defender Firewall
	Turn Windows defender Firewall on or off
	Turn off Windows Defender Firewall for both private and pubic network settings

24.	You do not want users to use Firefox to access the internet.  Using Windows Defender, how do you block outgoing traffic from Firefox?
	Control Panel / Windows Defender Firewall
	Advanced settings
	Outbound Rules
	New rule …
		Rule type: Program / Next
		Program: Enter the path, e.g. C:\Program Files\Mozilla Firefox\firefox.exe, Next
		Action: Block, Next
		Profile: Check all three (Domain, Private, Public), Next
		Name: Firefox block (or whatever), Finish
	Check that it works

25.	How do you change the drive letter of a USB flash drive?
	Disk management
	Select the drive
	Right-click
	Change Drive Letter and Paths
	Change
	Select new letter
	OK	
	
26.	The COM port driver is outdated.  How do you update it?
	Device manager
	Double-click on the appropriate controller
	Driver
	Update driver
	Search automatically
	
27.	How do you prevent a user from using regedit?
	gpedit
	User configuration / Administrative templates / System
	Double-click on "Prevent access to registry editing tools"
	Check Enabled
	OK

28.	How do you configure the group policy for a specific user or group of users?
	Run
	MMC (Microsoft Management Console)
	File / Add/Remove Snap-in...
	Group policy Object editor
	Add, Browse
	Users, Non-administrators
	OK, Finish, OK
	Double-click on the new user group and edit the group policy
	File / Save as… (Select a name for the policy, Save
